# Glossary
brikWork has many moving parts and it's important to keep consistent names for things to not get too confused.

Argument
:   a value passed to a function Brik.

Asset
:   An image generated by brikWork. This is the actual asset that, for example, would be put on a card. Making these is the main goal of brikWork.

Brik
:   A piece of text like `[assetIndex]` that returns another piece of text. These are like the variables and functions of programming languages.

brikWork
:   The engine that turns layout files and data into a set of assets.
:   An app that runs the brikwork engine on a layout file.

Container
:   An element that contains another element, or the layout if a given element has no container. The phrase "element container" is used to specify the first case.

Data
:   The CSV based based data that is used to fill in and customize specific elements of a layout.

Element
:   A portion of a Layout, for example an image.

Evaluate
:   To process a value into one that contains no briks or escapes.

Layout
:   A template for making Assets. A layout contains data about itself, as well as a number of elements.

Layout File
:    A text file containing a definition of a layout.

Property
:   A changeable feature of a layout or element, for example `width` or `rotation`.

Value
:   The assigned contents of a property. In `width: 1in` the `1in` is a value.
:   The term value is also used when referring to the data, where it refers to the specific values available as column briks.
 